[MAINT] - Update contributing guidelines, author links, and lesson outline (#13)
carpentries-incubator/SDC-BIDS-fMRI: README.md

# Introduction to fMRI Analysis in Python

[![Create a Slack Account with us](https://img.shields.io/badge/Create_Slack_Account-The_Carpentries-071159.svg)](https://swc-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/)
[![Slack Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack_Channel-neuroimaging-E01563.svg)](https://swcarpentry.slack.com/messages/CCJBHKCHZ)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/carpentries-incubator/SDC-BIDS-fMRI/gh-pages)

## Background

This is one sub-module within the [Neuroimaging cirriculum][neuro_cirriculum]. Visit the link to view all the modules associated with the Neuroimaging Carpentries program.

> **fMRI Analysis in Python** is a programme developed to facilitate reproducible analysis in the area of functional neuroimaging analysis. Python is emerging as a standard language of data analysis, visualization, and workflow building. More recently, it has rapidly been adopted by the neuroimaging community as a means of developing powerful open-source tools in favour of historially used opaque packages such as AFNI, FSL and SPM. In addition, the barrier to entry to python is low - meaning that you as the user can easily develop your own packages and contribute to the open-source codebase of neuroimaging!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**fMRI Analysis in Python** is a programme developed to facilitate reproducibility in functional neuroimaging analyses. Python is emerging as a standard language of data analysis, visualization, and workflow building. More recently, it has rapidly been adopted by the neuroimaging community as a means of developing powerful open-source tools in favour of historically used opaque software such as AFNI, FSL and SPM. In addition, the barrier to entry to Python is low - meaning that you as the user can easily develop your own packages and contribute to the open-source codebase of neuroimaging!
```

***

The **fMRI Analysis in Python** is a workshop series started up via a collaboration between researchers and staff at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (Toronto, ON), the University of Western Ontario (London, Ontario), and McGill University (Montreal, Quebec).

***

## About the lesson

> This lesson covers fMRI imaging analysis from the basic steps of preprocessing and data cleaning, to running an analysis to explore connectivity patterns in the brain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lesson covers fMRI imaging analysis from the basic steps of preprocessing and data cleaning, to running an analysis, to exploring connectivity patterns in the brain.
```

[![Slack Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack_Channel-neuroimaging-E01563.svg)](https://swcarpentry.slack.com/messages/CCJBHKCHZ)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/carpentries-incubator/SDC-BIDS-fMRI/gh-pages)

## Background

This is one sub-module within the [Neuroimaging cirriculum][neuro_cirriculum]. Visit the link to view all the modules associated with the Neuroimaging Carpentries program.

> **fMRI Analysis in Python** is a programme developed to faciliate reproducible analysis in the area of functional neuroimaging analysis. Python is emerging as a standard language of data analysis, visualization, and workflow building. More recently, it has rapidly been adopted by the neuroimaging community as a means of developing powerful open-source tools in favour of historially used opaque packages such as AFNI, FSL and SPM. In addition, the barrier to entry to python is low - meaning that you as the user can easily develop your own packages and contribute to the open-source codebase of neuroimaging!

Reviewer 2: "...programme developed to **faciliate**..." to "...programme developed to **facilitate**..."

Author: thanks for the catch :)

***

The **fMRI Analysis in Python** is a workshop series started up via a collaboration between researchers and staff at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (Toronto, ON), the University of Western Ontario (London, Ontario), and McGill University (Montreal, Quebec).

***

## About the lesson

This lesson covers fMRI imaging analysis from the basic steps of preprocessing and data cleaning, to running an analysis to explore connectivity patterns in the brain.

### Episodes

| Time | Episode | Question(s) Answered |
| ---  | ---     | ---                  |
||Setup|Download files required for the lesson|
| 00:00 | 1. Exploring Preprocessed fMRI Data from fMRIPREP   | How does fMRIPrep store preprocessed neuroimaging data. How do I access preprocessed neuroimaging data                                     |

> | 00:25 | 2. Introduction to Image Manipulation using Nilearn | How can be perform arithmetic operations on MR images                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: From "How can **be** perform arithmetic operations on MR images" to "How can **we** perform arithmetic operations on MR images"

Author: thanks for the catch!

| 01:10 | 3. Integrating Functional Data                      | How is fMRI data represented. How can we access fMRI data along spatial and temporal dimensions. How can we integrate fMRI and structural MRI together                                                   |
| 01:55 | 4. Preprocessing fMRI Data                          | What are the standard preprocessing steps? What existing pipelines help with preprocessing?                                                                                                              |
| 02:25 | 5. Cleaning Confounders in your Data with Nilearn   | How can we clean the data so that it more closely reflects BOLD instead of artifacts                                                                                                                                         |
| 03:05 | 6. Applying Parcellations to Resting State Data     | How can we reduce amount of noise-related variance in our data? How can we frame our data as a set of meaningful features?                                                                                                 |

> |03:50|7. Functional Connectivity Analysis|How can we estimate brain functional connectivity patterns from resting state data?|

Reviewer 2: From lines 35 - 39, just spacing between the columns (can't remember if this affects how it looks visually).

Author: haha sorry that's my editor's doing - it renders fine though!
